This bug makes vindicators even deadlier
than normal on Java Edition. Let me
explain. Vindicators are already super
dangerous because they do the fourth
most damage in the game. Meaning in hard
difficulty with iron armor, they twoshot
you. But there's a bug that makes them
even stronger called double hitting.
After a mob hits you, there's supposed
to be a cool down before it hits you
again. But sometimes mobs will skip this
cool down and hit you a second time
really fast. This is especially
dangerous with vindicators because they
can hit you twice and kill you almost
instantly. But it's even worse for
shields. Shields are supposed to protect
you from their hits, and they do
sometimes, but a lot of the time, the
Vindicator will double hit, disabling
your shield with the first hit and then
doing damage to you with the second,
even though you were blocking.